Info about disclosure marker styling with Safari (#14772)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/summary/index.md

You can also change the style to `display: block` to remove the disclosure triangle.

See the [Browser compatibility](#browser_compatibility) section for details, as not all browsers support full functionality of this element yet.
  

> For webkit based browsers, such as Safari, it is possible to control the icon display through the non-standard CSS pseudo-element `::-webkit-details-marker`. A simple `summary::-webkit-details-marker { display: none }` is enough to remove the the disclosure triangle.

Reviewer: A few minor changes:
1. I corrected Webkit capitalization 
2. I got rid of "simple" (what is simple for somebody is not for somebody else).

```suggestion
For Webkit-based browsers, such as Safari, it is possible to control the icon display through the non-standard CSS pseudo-element `::-webkit-details-marker`. To remove the disclosure triangle, use `summary::-webkit-details-marker { display: none }`.
```
